ellis had to go to the hospital the
other day
when she entered she immediately felt
something off about the place
walking along the hall she spotted three
doctors
there was something completely wrong
about one of them
which doctor is crazy
the one on the left he's got wolf eyes
and teeth and there's no badge on his
uniform
stay away from him ellis alice didn't
listen to our piece of advice and went
straight to dr
wolf's room he says he needs to apply
some new protective cream on her
but in fact he just wants to test it
after covering ellis with this
magic lotion she shouldn't have trusted
him he makes ellis choose one of three
containers to jump into
wow this is a weird hospital one of them
is filled with toxic waste
in the second container there's acid
that can eat through metal
the third one is filled with lava from a
volcano that almost ruined a whole town
a year ago
what container should ellis choose
[Music]
at least this time ellis made the right
choice she picked the container with
lava
the volcano erupted a year ago so the
lava is already completely solid
and cool okay she nailed the first
experiment
and dr wolfe gives ellis a choice of
three pills
he says the red one can help see the
past the blue one can help see the
future
and the yellow one can help read other
people's minds
which one should ellis choose
ellis was smart enough this time she
randomly picked the yellow one
but she suspected it was another
experiment she gulped the water but
never
swallowed the pillow and still has it in
her cheek in fact all three of them were
poisoned
when the wolf went outside for a second
ellis spat out the pill
and ran away hey try the urgent care
clinic ellis
no wolf's there jenny was cooking dinner
for
friends when everyone was at the table
she suddenly realized there was
something wrong with one of her friends
which friend didn't like the meal
[Music]
it's mike he secretly shared it with
jenny's dog
everybody knows that an old witch lives
in this spooky old house
nobody really wants to meet her mary is
in this house
right now but she seems to be alone how
come
[Music]
who said witches can't have a name mary
she was once young and beautiful too
but then that dark spell happened
one town had a weird law that said all
the men
had to be cleanly shaven but no man was
allowed to shave himself
the only person who was licensed to
shave them was a 40 year old hairdresser
but who shaved the hairdresser
now there was no need the hairdresser
was a woman
alison met a stranger yesterday and she
immediately knew
who he was she hadn't seen this person
before
and no one had ever described him to her
he wasn't a celebrity
and he wasn't doing anything unusual so
how come
she knew who he was
[Music]
the man was the twin brother of one of
allison's friends
bill is a shoe shiner he offers his
services to passers-by for free
still people who accept it end up paying
him of their own will
how so
[Music]
bill shines only one shoe for free
people don't want to look bizarre with
just one clean
shoe and have to pay for the shining of
the other one
the king told his three daughters to
place three identical kettles with the
same amount of water on the fire
the king promised that the husband of
the daughter whose kettle would boil
first
would become his heir his youngest
daughter's kettle boiled first
how come
while the other daughters kept lifting
their kettle's lids to check if the
water was already boiling
the youngest one kept it closed
up for some math yeah just kidding
you'll only need your logic
find a way to get 200 out of 188
by just using one line
[Music]
use the line to cut 188 horizontally
this way you'll get two 100s
one person was 25 years old in 2000
and 20 years old in 2005. how is this
possible
[Music]
this person lived before common era
one man went to his friend's party and
told his wife he'd be back before
sunrise
he shaved and left home he returned as
promised before sunrise
but he was sporting a long thick beard
how come
[Music]
the man and his wife lived in a place
with polar nights
that can last for several months a man
was driving his car
all the way from new york to boston only
at the end of the trip
did he discover that one of his car's
tires had been punctured from the very
beginning
still he managed to reach his
destination successfully
and his journey wasn't affected by this
problem at all
how is it possible
the puncture tire was the spare one
the financial director of a big company
finally persuaded new partners
to sign a super important agreement he
then put this document
into a folder and left it on the table
in his office
when he arrived at work the next morning
the folder was gone
john gathered all the employees who were
in the office at the time
and questioned them the cleaning lady
said that she had been busy washing the
floor
and hadn't paid attention to anything
around the designer explained that he
hadn't left his working place even once
what's more being an artist he didn't
have any interest in agreement documents
the accountant admitted that he had
entered john's office to have some
documents signed
but once he noticed there was no one
inside he immediately left
who took the folder with the agreement
[Music]
it was the designer john never mentioned
which folder was gone
how would he know that the missing
folder had an agreement inside
eric wears either only black or only
white socks
one morning he was in a hurry getting
ready for an important meeting with new
partners
suddenly the power goes out the guy has
10 white and 10 black
socks in his drawer but all of them are
mixed he doesn't want to look silly at
work wearing different socks
if it's completely dark in the room and
eric can't see anything
how many socks should he pull out of the
drawer to get himself two matching ones
[Music]
three socks are more than enough in a
set of three socks
he's bound to have two of the same color
a hungry vampire is following you in a
lonely street one dark night
suddenly you see a house with its door
wide open and decide to hide there
the vampire can't enter your shelter
since you locked the door in the nick of
time
but it's waiting for you outside however
you still have some hope
there are three doors leading out of the
house
when you open the first door there's
molten lava
no thanks the second door leads to the
room with tarantulas as large as your
head
your ikes as for the third door you can
definitely hear a huge dog barking
inside that room
and you're kind of afraid of it what
should you do
[Music]
ah just wait till morning vampires can't
stand daylight
and your pursuer will have to leave you
alone
you're trapped in a room that's slowly
getting filled with water
coming from a faucet on the wall there
are no windows in the room and the door
is sealed shut you have a mop and a big
bucket
so how are you going to get yourself out
of this one
come on just turn the faucet off now
it's better
jane told her boss someone had taken the
document she prepared for the meeting
she added that she had noticed someone
come in wearing a smart suit
gloves and a black mask safety first
this person also had three rings on
their fingers
the boss didn't believe her why
she said the person was wearing gloves
then how did she see
three rings on their fingers jane must
have simply forgotten to print those
documents out
a hotel owner was visiting the
construction site to see the progress
he wanted to start welcoming the guests
as soon as possible
and had big plans at some point he left
his briefcase with
important documents on the table some
worker grabbed it and ran away
the hotel owner didn't see who it was
but he immediately called the police
there were three suspects the architect
said he had been talking on the phone
trying to get electricity for the site
as there was not
the designer told the police he had been
trying to find the best paint for the
walls
the electrician explained he had been
down in the basement trying to fix a
burst light bulb
the detectives figure out who was lying
can you
it was the electrician how could he fix
the burst light bulb
if there was no electricity at the
construction site at all
ah liar liar pants on fire